c:\users\den\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jobs\Jobs\bin\Jobs.dll
c:\users\den\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jobs\Jobs\bin\Jobs.pdb
c:\users\den\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jobs\Jobs\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\den\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jobs\Jobs\bin\CBApi.dll
c:\users\den\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jobs\Jobs\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\den\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jobs\Jobs\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\den\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jobs\Jobs\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\den\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jobs\Jobs\bin\RestSharp.dll
c:\users\den\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\den\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\den\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\den\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\den\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\den\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\den\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\den\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\den\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\den\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\den\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jobs\Jobs\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\den\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jobs\Jobs\bin\RestSharp.xml
c:\users\den\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jobs\Jobs\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\den\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jobs\Jobs\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\den\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\den\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\den\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\den\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\den\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\den\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\den\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\den\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\den\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jobs\Jobs\obj\Debug\Jobs.dll
c:\users\den\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jobs\Jobs\obj\Debug\Jobs.pdb
c:\users\den\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Jobs\Jobs\obj\Debug\Jobs.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\bin\Jobs.dll
E:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\bin\Jobs.pdb
E:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
E:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\bin\CBApi.dll
E:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\bin\RestSharp.dll
E:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
E:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
E:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
E:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
E:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\bin\WebGrease.dll
E:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\bin\RestSharp.xml
E:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
E:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
E:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
E:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\obj\Debug\Jobs.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\obj\Debug\Jobs.dll
E:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\obj\Debug\Jobs.pdb
F:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\bin\Jobs.dll
F:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\bin\Jobs.pdb
F:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
F:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\bin\CBApi.dll
F:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\bin\EntityFramework.dll
F:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
F:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
F:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\bin\RestSharp.dll
F:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
F:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
F:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
F:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
F:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
F:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
F:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
F:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
F:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
F:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
F:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\bin\WebGrease.dll
F:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\bin\RestSharp.xml
F:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\bin\EntityFramework.xml
F:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
F:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
F:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
F:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
F:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
F:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
F:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
F:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
F:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
F:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\obj\Debug\Jobs.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
F:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\obj\Debug\Jobs.dll
F:\Jobs\Jobs\Jobs\obj\Debug\Jobs.pdb
C:\Users\den\Desktop\Jobs\Jobs\bin\Jobs.dll
C:\Users\den\Desktop\Jobs\Jobs\bin\Jobs.pdb
C:\Users\den\Desktop\Jobs\Jobs\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\den\Desktop\Jobs\Jobs\bin\CBApi.dll
C:\Users\den\Desktop\Jobs\Jobs\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\den\Desktop\Jobs\Jobs\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\den\Desktop\Jobs\Jobs\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\den\Desktop\Jobs\Jobs\bin\RestSharp.dll
C:\Users\den\Desktop\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\den\Desktop\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\den\Desktop\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\den\Desktop\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\den\Desktop\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\den\Desktop\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\den\Desktop\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\den\Desktop\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\den\Desktop\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\den\Desktop\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\den\Desktop\Jobs\Jobs\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\den\Desktop\Jobs\Jobs\bin\RestSharp.xml
C:\Users\den\Desktop\Jobs\Jobs\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\den\Desktop\Jobs\Jobs\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\den\Desktop\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\den\Desktop\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\den\Desktop\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\den\Desktop\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\den\Desktop\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\den\Desktop\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\den\Desktop\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\den\Desktop\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\den\Desktop\Jobs\Jobs\obj\Debug\Jobs.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\den\Desktop\Jobs\Jobs\obj\Debug\Jobs.dll
C:\Users\den\Desktop\Jobs\Jobs\obj\Debug\Jobs.pdb
C:\Users\kenyon\Downloads\JobsV2\Jobs\Jobs\bin\Jobs.dll
C:\Users\kenyon\Downloads\JobsV2\Jobs\Jobs\bin\Jobs.pdb
C:\Users\kenyon\Downloads\JobsV2\Jobs\Jobs\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\kenyon\Downloads\JobsV2\Jobs\Jobs\bin\CBApi.dll
C:\Users\kenyon\Downloads\JobsV2\Jobs\Jobs\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\kenyon\Downloads\JobsV2\Jobs\Jobs\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\kenyon\Downloads\JobsV2\Jobs\Jobs\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\kenyon\Downloads\JobsV2\Jobs\Jobs\bin\RestSharp.dll
C:\Users\kenyon\Downloads\JobsV2\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\kenyon\Downloads\JobsV2\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\kenyon\Downloads\JobsV2\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\kenyon\Downloads\JobsV2\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\kenyon\Downloads\JobsV2\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\kenyon\Downloads\JobsV2\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\kenyon\Downloads\JobsV2\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\kenyon\Downloads\JobsV2\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\kenyon\Downloads\JobsV2\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\kenyon\Downloads\JobsV2\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\kenyon\Downloads\JobsV2\Jobs\Jobs\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\kenyon\Downloads\JobsV2\Jobs\Jobs\bin\RestSharp.xml
C:\Users\kenyon\Downloads\JobsV2\Jobs\Jobs\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\kenyon\Downloads\JobsV2\Jobs\Jobs\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\kenyon\Downloads\JobsV2\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\kenyon\Downloads\JobsV2\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\kenyon\Downloads\JobsV2\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\kenyon\Downloads\JobsV2\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\kenyon\Downloads\JobsV2\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\kenyon\Downloads\JobsV2\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\kenyon\Downloads\JobsV2\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\kenyon\Downloads\JobsV2\Jobs\Jobs\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\kenyon\Downloads\JobsV2\Jobs\Jobs\obj\Debug\Jobs.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\kenyon\Downloads\JobsV2\Jobs\Jobs\obj\Debug\Jobs.dll
C:\Users\kenyon\Downloads\JobsV2\Jobs\Jobs\obj\Debug\Jobs.pdb
